migration/src/README.md, before:

Documentation: https://loco.rs/docs/the-app/models/

1. ### Companies table generation: ###

- Internal Id as UUID
- Company Name and Tax Number are unique (-> string^)
- Postal Code and Street Number could be string, that's why not int

# Command: #

1. cargo loco generate model companies internal_id:uuid company_name:string^ company_tax_number:string^ company_country:string company_province:string company_postal_code:string company_settlement:string company_street:string company_street_number:string company_email:string company_phone_number:string
2. cargo loco db migrate
3. cargo loco db entities (this was done automatically by step 2)



2. ### Company-Contacts table generation: ###

- Internal Id as UUID
- One company can have many contacts (One to many), contacts can have only one company (Many to one)
- company:references --> the reference table is the "companies" table, but we have to use singular "company" here

# Command: #

1. cargo loco generate model company_contacts internal_id:uuid contact_name:string contact_phone_number:string contact_email:string company:references
2. cargo loco db migrate
3. cargo loco db entities (this was done automatically by step 2)



3. ### Company-Billings table generation: ###

- Internal Id as UUID
- Billing Company Name and Billing Tax Number are unique (-> string^)
- One company can have many billings (One to many), billing can have only one company (Many to one)
- company:references --> the reference table is the "companies" table, but we have to use singular "company" here

# Command: #

1. cargo loco generate model company_billings internal_id:uuid billing_company_name:string^ billing_tax_number:string^ billing_email:string billing_country:string billing_province:string billing_postal_code:string billing_settlement:string billing_street:string billing_street_number:string company:references
2. cargo loco db migrate
3. cargo loco db entities (this was done automatically by step 2)

Commit message:

Changed migration internal_id to be generated by DB; CRUD for companies using UUID, transforming camelCase to snake_case vice-versa; Disabled showing id

migration/src/README.md, after:

Documentation: https://loco.rs/docs/the-app/models/

0. Inside PostgreSql enable UUID-generation: CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS "uuid-ossp"; /need to add it to docker file?/

1. ### Companies table generation: ###

- Internal Id as UUID
- Company Name and Tax Number are unique (-> string^)
- Postal Code and Street Number could be string, that's why not int

# Command: #

1. cargo loco generate model companies internal_id:uuid company_name:string^ company_tax_number:string^ company_country:string company_province:string company_postal_code:string company_settlement:string company_street:string company_street_number:string company_email:string company_phone_number:string
2. cargo loco db migrate
3. cargo loco db entities (this was done automatically by step 2)



2. ### Company-Contacts table generation: ###

- Internal Id as UUID
- One company can have many contacts (One to many), contacts can have only one company (Many to one)
- company:references --> the reference table is the "companies" table, but we have to use singular "company" here

# Command: #

1. cargo loco generate model company_contacts internal_id:uuid contact_name:string contact_phone_number:string contact_email:string company:references
2. cargo loco db migrate
3. cargo loco db entities (this was done automatically by step 2)



3. ### Company-Billings table generation: ###

- Internal Id as UUID
- Billing Company Name and Billing Tax Number are unique (-> string^)
- One company can have many billings (One to many), billing can have only one company (Many to one)
- company:references --> the reference table is the "companies" table, but we have to use singular "company" here

# Command: #

1. cargo loco generate model company_billings internal_id:uuid billing_company_name:string^ billing_tax_number:string^ billing_email:string billing_country:string billing_province:string billing_postal_code:string billing_settlement:string billing_street:string billing_street_number:string company:references
2. cargo loco db migrate
3. cargo loco db entities (this was done automatically by step 2)
